## New - Create a Laravel installation with the Database setup

Let's learn about Polymorphic relationships

Summary:

- We create a Laravel Project with the database, 3 models, and 3 migrations.

> NOTE: There is no need to add increment ids on pivot tables unless you plan to access them directly. I include them in
> the video but if you want to omit them in your projects that will fine.

1. Create a new Laravel installation called polymorphic

2. Create a database with the same name polymorphic

3. Create 3 models, `Staff`, `Product`, and `Photo`; here is a reminder of how we do that below

````php
php artisan make:model Staff -m
````

````php
php artisan make:model Product -m
````

````php
php artisan make:model Photo -m
````

4. Edit your migrations. By default we know the migrations will have `$table->id()`, but in the video, you might see me
   having the `$table->increments('id')`, but no worries they are almost the same thing, behind the scenes the `$table->
   id()` is `$table->bigIncrements('id')` behind the scenes .... don't worry about it just do what I tell you in the
   bottom.

The Migration `create_staff_table.php` of the Staff model needs to have the below data.

````php
$table->id()
$table->string('name')
$table->timestamps()
````

5. The same thing for the migration `create_products_table.php` of the Product model.

````php
$table->id()
$table->string('name')
$table->timestamps()
````

6. For the `create_photos_table.php` migration of the Photo model, we need this

````php
$table->id()
$table->string('path')
$table->integer('imageable_id')
$table->string('imageable_type')
$table->timestamps()
````

- Finally

````php
php artisan migrate
````

> You need this if you follow along and need to practice the Polymorphic relationships, otherwise just watch, but I
> suggest getting used to it. These types of relationships are not very common, but it is good to know them.